[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goten and Trunks successfully
fused into Gotenks,
though his over-confidence
doomed his first
battle with Buu.
But in this,
the earth's darkest hour,
a new hope arrived
in the form of Mr. Satan!
The famous champion
tried to destroy Majin Buu
with poisoned candy
and exploding video games.
Buu like you, funny man.
Buu make you his servant.
Oh! Thanks,
that's exactly what I wanted!
All right, good sir.
Your gourmet cuisine is ready!
Dig in! You must be
tuckered out, master!
Let's get you bathed
and into those jammies!
[MR. SATAN] The great hero
will conquer you soon enough.
Just as soon as
he figures out how.
[NARRATOR] The champ's
scheme continues, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[ELDER KAI chanting]
[snores, mumbles]
It can't be much longer.
[ELDER KAI continues]
[GOHAN sighs]
Hm?
[ELDER KAI hollers]
Hmm.
[ELDER KAI exhales]
[panting]
Hey, Goku.
Elder Kai finally finished.
[GOKU]
'Bout time!
[laughs]
Guess that chant was so boring
it put me right to sleep.
All right, you can
sit down now, if you want to.
[GOTEN moans]
It was an honor watching
you perform, Elder Kai.
Well, Gohan. Do you feel
like you got stronger?
[ELDER KAI] The ceremony only
just ended. It's not that fast.
There's still 20 more
hours of hard work
to go before he's ready.
[sighs]
Now for phase two.
It's actually easier
than the ceremony.
You still have to concentrate
without moving a muscle,
but you're able to do the whole
thing sitting down this time.
Do I really have to?
[ELDER KAI]
Show some respect!
I'm releasing powers
you couldn't have imagined,
and all you
have to do is sit still!
[chuckles]
Small price to pay, isn't it?
--[GOKU chuckles]
--[GOHAN groans]
C'mon, clock's ticking.
Let's get this puppy started.
All right, I'm ready.
[ELDER KAI]
Mmmmm... Ha!
[TRUNKS groans]
[screams]
Man! That stupid
Majin Buu! He got lucky!
Calm down! I can't clean you up
when you're squirming like that.
[hollers]
[yells]
Stop hitting me!
No, I will not! This is
the only way you'll learn!
--[CHICHI grunts]
--[GOTEN] Aah!
Son, I'm sorry,
but after the last few days,
you're all that I have left.
I don't want you flying off
into battle like that again,
not until we're sure
that you're ready. 'Kay?
Yes, Mom.
That goes for you, too.
[PICCOLO]
Listen to your mothers.
Fusing together at your
maximum possible strength
is the earth's last hope
against Majin Buu.
Look at what
you did wrong there,
and don't act
so rash in the future.
Hey, uh, Piccolo?
What now?
My dad was one of
the strongest guys
you ever met, right?
Well, do you think I can
get stronger than he was?
I want to protect this planet.
I want to follow
in my dad's footsteps!
And if I'm gonna pull that off,
I have to get
stronger than him--
stronger than anyone
we've ever seen!
That's my boy.
You both carry greatness in you.
The blood of great warriors.
Men who have achieved victory
in almost impossible situations
since the beginning of time.
You'll surpass them.
Someday, I'm sure.
[BOTH chuckles]
[BOTH chuckle]
[PICCOLO]
All right! Back to training!
[BOTH]
Yes, sir!
Go, Trunks! Good luck!
You, too, Goten! I love you!
[GOKU] Hey, Supreme Kai,
we've been sittin' around
and waiting for a while now.
You really think that old Kai's
ceremonies and chanting
will give my son
the power he needs?
I mean, enough power to beat
Majin Buu and save the earth?
I'm... not sure.
But I do have a feeling
it's going to work.
He certainly seems
sure of it, at least.
[GOKU]
We'll see.
[snoring]
--[GOHAN] Huh?!
--[ELDER KAI snoring]
[continues snoring]
Hey. Are you sleeping,
Elder Kai?
Elder Kai, wake up!
What?! What happened?
You had fallen asleep.
What? Ridiculous. I would never
sleep at a time like this!
I was just, resting my eyes.
I didn't know you could snore
like that without sleeping.
Well, there are a lot
of things you don't know,
being ignorant to the mysteries
of the universe.
I mean, surely you don't think
an Elder Kai would lie, do you?
All right,
that's enough yammering.
You have a lot more
sitting in silence to do,
so let's get to it!
[yawns]
[snoring]
[NARRATOR]
And so, Gohan sat and waited,
having no idea if this
was hopeless or not.
Boys! It's time
for the next step.
Let's master
Super Saiyan Fusion!
[BOTH]
Right!
[PICCOLO] And remember: Even if
you pull it off flawlessly,
don't start thinking
you're invincible.
You can't lose sight
of Majin Buu's power.
[TRUNKS, GOTEN laugh nervously]
We learned our lesson. Ha-ha.
Good. Go!
Excellent. You've matched
your energy levels perfectly.
Now begin the Fusion technique.
[BOTH]
Fu...sion! Ha!
[ALL yell]
Heh.
[gasps]
Yes! They did it! Awesome!
Wow! Super Saiyan Fusion!
Yes, your power
as Gotenks is incredible.
But what about
your fighting skills?
Show me what you've got.
[GOTENKS]
Nuh-uh-uh!
Think about it! It'd be pretty
dumb to show you up here.
What? Why?
'Cause my power could
smash up the whole Lookout!
I'll show you on Earth.
[PICCOLO]
No, wait!
[GOTENKS]
Wa-hoo!
Uh-oh. He still
hasn't fixed the attitude.
[GOTENKS]
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Ha-haaa!
Wow. He's faster
than I thought possible!
Hmph. Looks like Professor
Growls couldn't keep up.
Guess I'll kick back for a bit.
Mmm.
[GOTENKS] What took you so long?
Did you go the scenic route?
Not only did I make a few
laps around the globe,
I even had time for a nice nap!
This stunt just wasted
more training time.
I warned you!
[chuckles]
How can you keep
yapping about training
after what you just saw?
Isn't it obvious
how much power I've got now?
Power, yes. But your skill--
[GOTENKS] There's nothing more
to do. My training's over!
[PICCOLO]
No, wait!
From now on, I think
I'll be calling the shots.
I'm going to
take care of Majin Buu.
[PICCOLO]
No! You can't!
Uuuagh!
You cocky little bastard!
Don't you even realize
you've only got
a minute of Fusion left!
Use your head!
[GOTENKS] Ha ha! You won
the first round, Majin Buu,
but now it's your turn
to get busted up!
I'm gonna make you regret
you ever laid eyes
on the face-smashing,
all-mighty Gotenks! Yeah!
Hey, ya big pink, lardo!
I'm back!
Buu versus Gotenks, round two!
[BUU] Who out there is
making fun of Buu's weight?
[BOTH]
Uuuh...
[BUU]
Hey!
[MR. SATAN laughs]
Relax, Master Buu!
You probably imagined it.
Why would someone insult you,
unless they wanna
be turned into
a lollipop or something?
[BUU]
Hmmm. Uuuh...
[PICCOLO]
Where did you go?
[TRUNKS]
What? We told you down there!
We went to fight Majin Buu!
[PICCOLO] No, where did you go
after the Fusion wore off?
You didn't come straight here.
How'd you know that?
Were you watching?
I didn't have to!
Everyone knows Fusion
only lasts 30 minutes,
giving you just enough time
to put yourself in danger again!
There's too much at stake
for you guys to be running off
and thinking you're invincible
every time you fuse!
Are we clear?
[BOTH]
Uh-huh.
[MR. SATAN]
And Nello said to Patrasche,
"Let us lie down
and die together.
But the people
of their little village
felt sad and ashamed." Ah!
"Made them one grave,
laying them to rest there,
side by side, forever."
Oh. This is so sad.
[laughs]
Fun! That's funny story!
Read it again!
Read it again! Read it again!
[laughs]
[MR. SATAN]
Where're you going?
Buu wanna go kill more people.
You want to kill with Buu?
Ah! No thanks. I'll just
hang out around your place.
I'll get dinner ready
while you're out killin'.
Thanks. Buu like your
yummy yums. Buu excited.
Don't you know it!
Prepare your belly
for the greatest Earth feast
you've ever had!
Okay, Buu fly now!
Come back soon!
Save some room for dinner!
You monster! Laughing like
everything's just okay!
Get your licks in
while you still can, Buu!
[chuckles]
This much dynamite
packed into his house
is sure to blow Buu
into tiny bits,
no matter how strong he seems.
Heck, there's already
enough here to blow up
the most heavily armored
Army tank five times over!
All I have to do is
push this remote detonator
and he'll be pink goo!
And I'll be a bigger hero
to the world than ever!
[chuckles]
The perfect hiding spot!
[laughs] I can't wait to
serve you up dinner, Majin Buu!
Hope you like the taste of boom!
Never underestimate Mr. Satan.
[laughs]
Eeh! Eh?
Awe, man. He's done
attacking already?
I'm sorry, sir!
Dinner's not done yet.
I didn't expect you back from
your reign of terror so soon.
[BUU]
Here. Take this.
[BEE whimpers]
I'm not sure we should
cook a dog for dinner.
He's not scared.
He won't run from Buu.
Buu ask little creature why,
but Buu not speak his language.
Do you know it?
Uh... I'm sorry.
But I don't speak dog, either.
I think both his legs
on the left side
might be injured, though.
That's why he won't run away.
Oooh. Is that what wrong?
Buu fix so you
get scared and run.
Buu fix. Are you scared?
[barks]
[BEE barking]
Hey! What's wrong with him?
Buu fixed creature.
He should run in fear.
He won't run now!
He likes you, Buu!
He's sure glad you healed him!
Awe, isn't that cute?
Majin Buu got his first pet.
[BEE barking]
[BUU barking]
[barking]
Buu thinks
this creature likes Buu.
That's what I was saying!
See his tail wagging?
That means he wants
to play with you!
Oh! He just like you then.
You like Buu, too, right?
Uh, ha-ha.
Yeah! You're the best!
Ah! That make Buu happy!
[laughing]
Here, eat chocolate!
[MR. SATAN] Hey, you can't
feed a dog chocolate!
You gotta feed him
some dog food!
[BUU]
Dog food? What that?
Dog food even more tasty
than chocolate?
Yeah! I'll find a store
you haven't wrecked
and buy some, how's that?
[chuckles]
All right, I'm off!
I'll be right back!
You guys stay here and have fun.
[BUU]
Okay!
[MR. SATAN] Now's my chance
to use the remote detonator!
[laughs]
It's over, Buu.
Outsmarted by
the Champ! Oh yeah!
[laughs]
They... look so happy.
And peaceful.
[MR. SATAN]
All right, all right!
I guess I can give them
a little more time together.
Besides, it's not right
to hurt a puppy.
There. See? He loves
his food. Cute, huh?!
[BUU]
Buu not love it.
Uh... Master Buu, sir.
Do you mind if I ask you
a quick personal question?
Okay.
Uh, what's your reason
for killing so many people.
And destroying all our
cities and homes?
Because it fun!
What? That's your motive?
They told Buu
that how Buu should play.
Bibidi and Babidi said so.
Right. And who
are they again, sir?
The nasty wizards who make Buu.
Well, hold on a second.
If you think they're nasty,
why are you still flying around,
following their orders?
You know, it's not right
to destroy cities
full of innocent people.
Ah! Unless that's
what makes you happy.
Then by all means,
destroy whatever you want!
[yelps]
Please don't hurt me!
You think Buu should
stop hurting Earth people?
Uh, a little. Yeah.
Then Buu stop!
You're really gonna
stop terrorizing?
[BUU]
Mhm!
[MR. SATAN]
And stop blowing up cities?
[BUU]
Hm!
[MR. SATAN]
I did it! I really did it!
The World Champion Mr. Satan
defeated Majin Buu
and saved the world
using nothing more
than his incredible
charisma and genius!
[SMITTY] This area
seems to match the reports.
Any second now,
we should be coming up
on Majin Buu's house.
Good, I can't wait.
The monster's home
will be his grave
after I'm through with him.
Uh, yes, sir.
[BEE barking]
[BUU laughing]
See? He brings the ball
back 'cause he loves you.
Ah-ha-ha! Good boy! Good boy!
[barks]
[laughs]
Let's do it again, 'kay!
--Fetch!
--[BEE barking]
[laughing]
Almost.
[yelps]
Eeh!
[BUU]
Huh?
[VAN ZANT laughs]
You're next, Buu!
[SMITTY] Wait, sir. That other
man standing next to Majin Buu.
Is that Mr. Satan?
What? How could you do that?!
[NARRATOR] A single shot has
struck down Majin Buu's new pet,
and his newfound goodness
may be a casualty, as well.
Mr. Satan had taught Buu
the errors of his deadly ways,
but a darker
realization is coming.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Well, so much for Majin Buu
turning over a new leaf.
Thanks to that creep
attacking his dog,
Buu's anger is out of control!
[BUU grunts]
Take doggy
and run far, far away!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Wait, what?
Now there's two of them?